--CHARACTER ENCODING--
As the previous class showed, memory can be understood as a collection of bytes.
A byte, however, represents a number between 0 and 255. Therefore, how characters are represented in a computer?
Through mappings -- tables that relate numbers and characters.
Before starting, lets establish some concepts:
	Character: a language symbol (letter, digit or signal);
	Character set (charset): a set of every characters supported by a system or coding pattern;
	Codification: the process of translating characters in their respective numeric value in a system or coding pattern;

--ASCII ENCONDING--
For digital electronic computers, the oldest character encoding is called American Standar Code for Information Interchange (ASCII).
ASCII contemplates a set of english characters, signals and some control characters, totalizing 128 characters (0~127).
ASCII is supported to every current computer system.
General organization in characters:
	0~31 + 127: control characters;
	32~126: unpredictable characters;as

--ENCODING PAGES--
There is an interesting point in ASCII, it defines 128 characters.
When ASCII encoding was created, it was implemented in 7 bits systems, and with the 8 bits system, the eighth bit was a parity bit. 
But with only 128 symbols, for some contexts, there were symbols missing. Therefore, the encoding pages were created, extending the ASCII table in more 128 symbols according to a certain need.
Examples:
	CP-437: added accented characters and simple graphics.
	KOI8-R:Russian Cyrilic.
	BraSCII: brazilian portuguese

--MULTIBYTE CHARACTERS--
Even with the encoding pages, for the variety of languages and applications, 256 symbols weren't enough.
The idea of multibyte characters, came about as an solution for it, using more than one byte for character.
Tons of encoding patterns were proposed using multibyte characters (2-4 bytes, for example).
One of them was the Unicode pattern. It has an enormous quantity of characters, the most famous ones are:
	UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format): 1 to 4 bytes per character;
	UTF-16 (16-bit Unicode Transformation Format): 2 to 4 bytes per character, utilized in some windows API's;
	UTF-32 (32-bit Unicode Transformation Format): 4 bytes per character;
The most used one is UTF-8. But, why?
	->Because of its adjustable size coding
