--MEMORY--
What is it?
	The answer depends on the context it is in
	->In high-level programming, it can mean a set of stored typed data
	->In low-level programming, it can mean a set of stored bytes, representing data
	->In hardware context, it can mean a physical component used to store bits

--MEMORY AND DATA TYPES--
Until now, my programming focused in data types (natives or abstracts), and each type, usually serves only its theoretical purpose. 
But, in this subject I will work not only with data types, but also with binary files, recording and reading structs, bit operations, void and function pointers and removal of memory abstraction layers.

Starting with native types: wich is the smallest (in bytes) available in C? What about the largest?
->Smallest: Char (1 byte)
->Largest: long double (12 to 16 bytes)

Other types in bytes:
	-Char: 1;
	-short: 2;
	-int: 4;
	-float: 4;
	long long: 8;
	double: 8;
	long double: 16;

But what about it?
What we can tell, is that data types are only facilities provided by the compiler, after all, all we have are bytes.
Hence, different data types can overlap in memory, like this:
	int (4 bytes) = 4 char, or 2 short, or 1 int
So, what is the difference between an int and a float?
	In general, both are equal four bytes. But, they differ in how to interpret these bytes.
		int: 31 bits for the value; 1 bit for the sign;
		float: 23 bits for the value; 8 bits represents the exponent; 1 bit for the sign;
			-(IEEE 754)

--DYNAMIC MEMORY ALLOCATION--
The idea of working with bytes, extends to dynamic memory allocation. In C, we use the function malloc:
	void *malloc(size_t size);
		->size_t is an unsigned integer number with a certain quantity of bytes defined by the architecture.
		->size indicates the quantity of bytes, in a contiguous space is needed to alloc. 
What indicates to the program how to interpret the contiguous space, is the casting. It converts the void* pointer to a typed pointer.
	int *ptr = (int*) malloc(40);
	short *ptr = (short*) malloc(40);

--STRUCTURES IN C--
Structures in C are a typed data that allows to create unique logic with multiple variables, whether homogeneous or heterogeneous.
At low-level, a structure is a contiguous block of memory. Its syze is equal to the sum of the sizes, in byte, of its member variables.	
->Grouping of bits!!
>Memory alignment
The same code result in different sizes depending on how way the variables are arranged. In C, structs are aligned in bytes, which means defining your variables like:
	struct structure1 {
		char char1;
		int int1;
		char char2.
	};
Is different from
	struct structure 2 {
		char char1;
		char char2;
		int int1;
	};
The second structure, uses 8 bytes, while the first one uses 12 bytes due to padding.

--DATA STRUCTURES--
ARRAY
	Contiguous block of memory with a determined size (depends on the data type or de quantity of elements needed)
	Global array != local array != dynamically allocated array

LIST
	Data structure that organizes individual elements linearly by pointers. Any compatible element can be added, removed or moved from the list.
	Singly linked list x doubly linked list
	Linked list without sentinel x linked list with a sentinel (dummy node)
	Linear linked list x circular linked list

QUEUE
	List structure with specific ways of insertion and removal.
	In a queue, there is always an element inserted, which is allocated to the end of the structure.
	In another hand, the process of removing in a queue, removes the first element of it.
	FIFO (First in, first out)

STACK
	List structure with specific ways of insertion and removal.
	In a stack, the inserted element is always allocated to the start of the structure.
	Also, the removal operation, removes the start of the stack.
	LIFO (Last in, first out)
